UpdateAcknowledgementsYEMarshall 70.coi-contribs.md (#566)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/70.coi-contribs.md

### Acknowledgements

We thank Nick DeVito for assistance with the Evidence-Based Medicine Data Lab COVID-19 TrialsTracker data.

> We thank the following contributor for writing (original draft), reviewing and editing of pieces of the text: Yael Evelyn Marshall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We thank Yael Evelyn Marshall who contributed writing (original draft) as well as reviewing and editing of pieces of the text but who did not formally approve the manuscript.
```
I suggest something like this, which mirrors the deep review language and makes clear that you met the criteria for authorship other than the procedural ones: http://www.icmje.org/recommendations/browse/roles-and-responsibilities/defining-the-role-of-authors-and-contributors.html

Author: @cgreene That sounds good, thanks.
